# FAQ

[https://bgoonz-blog.netlify.app/docs/faq/](https://bgoonz-blog.netlify.app/docs/faq/)

> A Random Walk Down Wall Street
> 

### What's your favorite non-business book?

> Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy
> 

### If money were not an issue, what would you be doing right now?

> Designing recording software/hardware and using it
> 

### What words of advice would you give your younger self?

> Try harder and listen to your parents more (the latter bit of advice would be almost certain to fall on deaf ears lol)
> 

### What's the most creative thing you've ever done?

> I built a platform that listens to a guitarist's performance and automatically triggers guitar effects at the appropriate time in the song.
> 

### Which founders or startups do you most admire?

> Is it to basic to say Tesla... I know they're prevalent now but I've been an avid fan since as early as 2012.
> 

### What's your super power?

> Having really good ideas and forgetting them moments later.
> 

### What's the best way for people to get in touch with you?

> A text
> 

### What aspects of your work are you most passionate about?

Creating things that change my every day life.

### What was the most impactful class you took in school?

> Modern Physics... almost changed my major after that class... but at the end of the day engineering was a much more fiscally secure avenue.
> 

### What's something you wish you had done years earlier?

> Learned to code ... and sing
> 

### What words of wisdom do you live by?

> *Disclaimer: The following wisdom is very cliche ... but... "Be the change that you wish to see in the world."
>